Update documents in API references (#88)
meilisearch/documentation: references/documents.md

]
```

## Add or replace documents

<RouteHighlighter method="POST" route="/indexes/:uid/documents"/>

Insert a list of documents or replace them if they already exist based on [their unique identifiers](/main_concepts/indexes.md#schema-definition).

In case of a replacement, the old document will be completely erased and replaced by the new one.</br>
For a partial update, check out the [add or update documents route](/references/documents.md#add-or-update-documents).

> The `updateId` returned by this function can be sent to the [get update status route](/references/updates.md#get-an-update-status) to retrieve information about its advancement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updateId` returned by this route can be sent to the [update status route](/references/updates.md#get-an-update-status) to retrieve information about its progress.
```

  "updateId": 1
}
```

> This `updateId` allows you to [track the current action](/references/updates.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `updateId` allows you to [track the update status](/references/updates.md).
```

## Add or update documents

<RouteHighlighter method="PUT" route="/indexes/:uid/documents"/>

Insert a list of documents or update them if they already exist based on [their unique identifiers](/main_concepts/indexes.md#schema-definition).

> In case of an update, the old document will be only partially updated according to the fields in the request body. It will not be overwritten entirely.</br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of an update, the old document will be only partially updated according to the fields in the request body. Only the specified documents fields will be overwritten, missing ones will keep their previous values.</br>
```

To completely overwrite a document, check out the [add and replace documents route](/references/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents).

> The `updateId` returned by this route can be sent to the [update status route](/references/updates.md#get-an-update-status) to retrieve information about its progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `updateId` returned by this route can be used to [check the update status](/references/updates.md#get-an-update-status) and retrieve information about its progress.
```

> The `updateId` returned by this function can be sent to the [get update status route](/references/updates.md#get-an-update-status) to retrieve information about its advancement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updateId` returned by this route can be sent to the [update status route](/references/updates.md#get-an-update-status) to retrieve information about its progress.
```

  "updateId": 1
}
```

> This `updateId` allows you to [track the current action](/references/updates.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `updateId` allows you to [track the update status](/references/updates.md).
```

  "updateId": 1
}
```

> This `updateId` allows you to [track the current action](/references/updates.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `updateId` allows you to [track the update status](/references/updates.md).
```
